doc: new Clever Tools documentation (#667)
CleverCloud/clever-tools: docs/nexus-config.md

# Nexus configuration

We use a self hosted Nexus repository to distribute `.deb`, `.nupkg` and `.rpm`. It's available at [https://nexus.clever-cloud.com/](https://nexus.clever-cloud.com/).

## Repositories

### `.deb` repository

We have a repository for `.deb` packages, available [here](https://nexus.clever-cloud.com/#browse/browse:deb).

* Link to Nexus [apt-repositories docs](https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager3/formats/apt-repositories)

> The repository is signed with the PGP key `Clever Cloud Nexus (deb)`. The public key is available publised on the Cellar at [https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/gpg/cc-nexus-deb.public.gpg.key](https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/gpg/cc-nexus-deb.public.gpg.key). The private key, public key and passphrase are stored in our vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository is signed with the PGP key `Clever Cloud Nexus (deb)`. The public key is published on the Cellar at [https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/gpg/cc-nexus-deb.public.gpg.key](https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/gpg/cc-nexus-deb.public.gpg.key). The private key, public key and passphrase are stored in our vault.
```

### `.nupkg` repository

We have a repository for `.nupkg` packages, available [here](https://nexus.clever-cloud.com/#browse/browse:nupkg)

* Link to Nexus [nuget-repositories docs](https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager3/formats/nuget-repositories)

### `.rpm` repository

We have a repository for `.rpm` packages, available [here](https://nexus.clever-cloud.com/#browse/browse:rpm).

* Link to Nexus [yum-repositories docs](https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager3/formats/yum-repositories)

The repository is not signed, but the `.rpm` packages are.

> The repo description is maintained in this git repo at `templates/rpm/cc-nexus-rpm.repo`. It's published on the Cellar at [https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/repos/cc-nexus-rpm.repo](https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/repos/cc-nexus-rpm.repo). The public key is available publised on the Cellar at [https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/gpg/cc-nexus-rpm.public.gpg.key](https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/gpg/cc-nexus-rpm.public.gpg.key). The private key, public key and passphrase are stored in our vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repo description is maintained in this git repo at `templates/rpm/cc-nexus-rpm.repo`. It's published on the Cellar at [https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/repos/cc-nexus-rpm.repo](https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/repos/cc-nexus-rpm.repo). The public key is published on the Cellar at [https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/gpg/cc-nexus-rpm.public.gpg.key](https://clever-tools.clever-cloud.com/gpg/cc-nexus-rpm.public.gpg.key). The private key, public key and passphrase are stored in our vault.
```
